LACP Resilience update guide (#8476)
ovh/docs: pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/lacp-resilience-scale-hg/guide.en-gb.md

---
title: Improving Network Resilience on Bare Metal servers
excerpt: Discover how to reinforce the resilience of public and private interfaces on your OVHcloud Bare Metal servers with the new network aggregation architecture
updated: 2025-10-10
---

> [!primary]
> 

> > This document is related to a deployment planned for **October 31st, 2025**, which will change the way link aggregation (LACP) functions within OVHcloud infrastructures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This document is related to a deployment planned for **November 25, 2025**, which will change the way link aggregation (LACP) functions within OVHcloud infrastructures.
```

> OVHcloud customers affected by these changes will also receive a communication by e-mail.

## Objective

This guide presents the new network aggregation architecture implemented on OVHcloud Bare Metal servers. This evolution aims to strengthen fault tolerance and improve service continuity for your critical environments.

## Requirements

- A [dedicated server](/links/bare-metal/bare-metal).
- Have configured link aggregation (LACP) on your public or private interfaces (excluding OLA).

## Instructions

### What's Changing

Until now, the aggregation (LACP) of network interfaces was performed on ports belonging to the **same Network Interface Card (NIC)**. This configuration already ensured redundancy in case of a ToR switch failure but did not cover the risk of a NIC failure.

From now on:

- Logical aggregations will be spread across **two distinct network cards** (with no physical cabling modification).
- Existing aggregations are not modified.

> ![Resilience comparison before/after](images/resilience_comparison.png){.thumbnail}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Before/after resilience comparison](images/resilience_comparison.png){.thumbnail}
```
